Examples: Example with pandas for split apply combine (#753)
DAGWorks-Inc/hamilton: examples/pandas/split-apply-combine/README.md

# Split / Apply / Combine

This example demonstrates how to perform
a [split-apply-combine](https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/user_guide/groupby.html) transformation using
Hamilton.

Many data analysis or processing involve one or more of the following steps:

- **Split**: splitting a data set into groups,
- **Apply**: applying some functions to each of the groups,
- **Combine**: combining the results.

For this example, we want to **split** a DataFrame in 2 DataFrames, then for each DataFrames 
*apply** a different transformation pipeline then **combine** the result in a DataFrame.

## Example

> The example consists of calculate the tax of individuals or families based on their income and the number of children

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example consists of calculating the tax of individuals or families based on their income and the number of children
```

they have.

The following rules applies to **Income**:

- < 50k: Tax rate is 15 %
- 50k to 70k: Tax rate is 18 %
- 70k to 100k: Tax rate is 20 %
- 100k to 120k: Tax rate is 22 %
- 120k to 150k: Tax rate is 25 %
- over 150k: Tax rate is 28 %

> The following rules applies to the **number of childre**n when the **income is under 100k**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following rules applies to the **number of children** when the **income is under 100k**:
```
